---
id: f49016e6-9c2f-401e-b514-d474cc84d839
published: false
blueprint: blog
title: 'This Is The Best Book I’ve Ever Read On Modern Nomads'
description: "And I've read a lot of them. I enjoy learning about other travelers whose achievements in traversing the world are far beyond what I can imagine.  But the best book on extreme traveling I've found is..."
image_description: 'best book on nomads'
seotamic_title: title
seotamic_title_prepend: true
seotamic_title_append: true
seotamic_meta_description: custom
seotamic_custom_meta_description: "And I've read a lot of them. I enjoy learning about other travelers whose achievements in traversing the world are far beyond what I can imagine.  But the best book on extreme traveling I've found is..."
seotamic_open_graph_title: title
seotamic_open_graph_description: meta
seotamic_twitter_title: title
seotamic_twitter_description: meta
updated_by: e0192008-e6b3-43ae-857d-4901cef1ed43
updated_at: 1674034443
---
There are a lot of books about traveling the world.

And I've read a lot of them. I enjoy learning about other travelers whose achievements in traversing the world are far beyond what I can imagine.

But the best book on extreme traveling I've found is [Mad Travelers](https://www.simonandschuster.com/books/Mad-Travelers/Dave-Seminara/9781642938586) by [Dave Seminara](https://www.instagram.com/madtravelerdave/).

For a few reasons:
------------------

*   **_Reason #1:_** It casts light on the fact that **some of us can't stop traveling**. If you are like that, it'll help you find comfort in knowing you're not alone.
    
*   **_Reason #2:_** It exposes fanatical **travel addiction** for what it is. "An addiction is when the negative consequences of a behavior outweigh the positive ones."
    
*   **_Reason #3:_** It explores **genetic reasons** why some people are extremely compelled to travel all the time until they die.
    
*   **_Reason #4:_** It tells **a gripping story** of a sociopathic extreme traveler / scam artist who goes through great lengths to reach far corners of the Earth. It's about insatiability and deception.
    
*   **_Reason #5:_** It shares captivating insights about the society of stamp collectors, an elite **group of travelers who spend their lifetimes going to every country** in the world. When they run out of countries, they go for every US state, every Russian oblast, every Polish voivodeship. The journey never stops.
    

The book combines memoir, science, and philosophy-based observations.

> "I aspire to be more rooted, but at heart, I'm a drifter and there's no use in pretending otherwise." — Dave Seminara

If you are interested in perpetual traveling and being a modern nomad, I highly recommend this outstanding book.

And if you've read it, what did you think of the author's viewpoint?

What other book would you recommend on this subject?