---
id: 4e861d4c-4cc8-49dc-9fbe-54c0db3f0920
blueprint: blog
title: 'Happy Maybe Podcast: The Backstory and How You Can Get On Board'
description: 'Nikita and I released a chill new podcast where we chat about all things happiness. Expect deep talks, personal growth tips, and a bit of book-nerdery as we try to figure out what makes us tick. Find us at https://happymaybe.com/ and come hang out with us!'
author:
  - e0192008-e6b3-43ae-857d-4901cef1ed43
tags:
  - happiness
  - podcast
seotamic_title: title
seotamic_title_prepend: true
seotamic_title_append: true
seotamic_meta_description: custom
seotamic_open_graph_title: title
seotamic_open_graph_description: meta
seotamic_twitter_title: title
seotamic_twitter_description: meta
updated_by: e0192008-e6b3-43ae-857d-4901cef1ed43
updated_at: 1688346738
image: blog/06-30-2023-happy-maybe.jpg
image_description: 'Happy Maybe Podcast Art'
seotamic_custom_meta_description: 'Nikita and I released a chill new podcast where we chat about all things happiness. Expect deep talks, personal growth tips, and a bit of book-nerdery as we try to figure out what makes us tick. Find us at https://happymaybe.com/ and come hang out with us!'
seotamic_image: blog/06-30-2023-happy-maybe-share.jpg
---
In early 2023 my good friend Nikita and I decided to create a new podcast dedicated to understanding and unpacking the idea of happiness.

At the risk of sounding banal as heck, happiness matters because it makes life enjoyable. It's the good stuff that keeps us going, and by understanding what makes us happy, we can find ways to add more of it to our daily lives.

TLDR: find our new podcast here [https://happymaybe.com/](https://happymaybe.com/). Or [Jump to podcast services options](#players) for you favorite listening apps.

## Decoding Happiness
Our recorded conversations aim to explore the concept of happiness and its significance in our lives. What exactly makes us happy? What makes us distressed?

While we are not academic psychologists, we spend enough time philosophizing about this topic to be useful to the community.

## The Journey of Self-Fulfillment

In a free-form format, we discuss the challenges and complexities of finding happiness. We explore different perspectives and theories on happiness. A key component of this pursuit is self-reflection and personal growth.

## Our Podcast Format

Although we aspire to, we don’t have a specific agenda. Nikita has a burning topic, and I dive in to help him navigate. It’s not uncommon to switch roles. In a way, it’s akin to a therapy session or a circling meeting.

As hosts, we are as similar as we are different. We have a computer programming background and like nerdy things. We are curious and open-minded. I may appear to have more creative outlets, while Nikita is more analytical. We’ll let our listeners decide.

## How The Podcast Can Help You

Whether intentionally or accidentally, we hope to offer guidance and support to listeners in their pursuit of happiness.

We will mention our favorite books on psychology, self-development, and spirituality, suggest meditation practices, and briefly review our favorite media sources.

### Where to Listen {#players}

Here is the link to our website [https://happymaybe.com/](https://happymaybe.com/).

You can go directly to Spotify, Apple Podcasts, Overcast, or Yandex.Music to hear it and follow for new episodes.

We invite you to engage with us. Feel free to reach out with your queries or suggestions at [contact@happymaybe.com](mailto:contact@happymaybe.com). Let us know if you want to be a guest on our show.

I appreciate you taking the time to read this and listen to our podcast. We hope you will stay with us for a ride of self-discovery and happiness.